# munkireport-dashboards
This my attempt to give back to the community that keeps me sane.

Customizable Dashboards (https://github.com/munkireport/munkireport-php/wiki/Dashboards) were added to MunkiReport(https://github.com/munkireport/munkireport-php) in version 4.0 and give admins the ability to have an unlimited number of customized views with particular widgets for different reporting needs.

The examples and files included in this repository were inspired by Kevin M. Cox on his Blog- Configuring Munkireport Dashboards (https://www.kevinmcox.com/2020/05/configuring-munkireport-dashboards/)

As far as I know hotkeys that are used to switch to a different dashboard are a user specific choice. So I have purposely left them blank in these files. You can add your own hotkey selection by editing the yml file and adding the appropriate key as needed. Note that "d" is reserved for the Default Dashboard and "c" is reserved for the Client Listing. There may be other reserved hotkeys that I am not yet aware of and I will update this readme file as I gather more info. Hotkeys are displayed in the dashboard dropdown if more than one dashboard is configured. A feature or maybe a bug, the Dashboard menu sorts the files listed by case or number filename. Filenames that start with numbers in chronological order first, followed by uppercase filenames in alpha order, then lowercase filenames in alpha order. I set my dashboards with hotkeys assigned by number to have them at the top. Then lesser used reports lowercase to have them listed at the bottom. The files here all start with uppercase to list them alphabetically, adjust the filenames to your needs.    
